Gone with the Wind has captured the
imagination and acclaim of the entire
world the screen has never known a love
story to compare with this when read but
meet Scarlett O'Hara I love you more
than I've ever loved any woman and I've
waited longer for you than I've ever
waited for any woman have you known kiss
me
watch can't we ever forget that day at
Twelve Oaks do you think I could ever
forget it have you forgotten it can you
honest you don't love me no I I don't
love you it's a lie
well even if it is a lie do you think
I'd go off and leave Melanie and the
baby I'm not cornered
you'll never corner me Rhett Butler Oh
frightened you've lived in dirt so long
you can't understand anything else and
you're jealous of something you can't
understand good night
it's not that easy Scarlett
turn me out while you chase Ashley
Wilkes while you dream that Ashley works
this is one night you're not turning on
a love affair you'll remember as long as
you live filled with all the fire and
fury of the times in which it happened
Gone with the Wind first picture to win
ten Academy Awards the most honored the
most talked about motion picture in all
film history
Oh